This file contains a list of all known security issues affecting the Framework.
If you run into something which is not listed here, please contact us at 
msfdev@metasploit.com.


[security tips]

	- We recommend that you use a robust, secure terminal emulator when
    utilizing the command-line interfaces. Please see the references at the
    bottom of this document for more information.
    
    - We do not recommend that the msfweb component be used on untrusted
    networks. Actually, we don't recommend that you use msfweb at all, it is
    more of a proof-of-concept that a real tool.
    
    - We do not recommend that you install msfpayload.cgi on a web server that
    is exposed to an untrusted network. It is possible to configure it in such a
    way that it does not open any vulnerabilities, but we leave this as an
    exercise to the user (Hint: symlink to cgi-bin and remove potentially
    hazardous payloads).
   
    
  

[msfconsole]

	- The console does not perform terminal escape sequence filtering, this
    could allow a hostile network service to do Bad Things (TM) to your terminal
    emulator when the exploit or check commands are used. We suggest that you
    use a terminal emulator which limits the functionality available through
    hostile escape sequences. Please see the bottom of this document for more
    references on this subject.

    
[msfcli]

	- The command line interface does not perform terminal escape sequence
    filtering, this could allow a hostile network service to do Bad Things (TM)
    to your terminal emulator when the exploit or check commands are used. We
    suggest that you use a terminal emulator which limits the functionality
    available through hostile escape sequences. Please see the bottom of this
    document for more references on this subject.
 
    
[msfweb]

	- The msfweb interface does not adequately filter the data recieved from
    network services during the exploit or check commands. This can result in a
    cross-site scripting attack on the msfweb user. 
    
	- The msfweb interface does not adequately filter certain arguments,
    allowing a hostile web site operator to perform a cross-site scripting
    attack on the msfweb user.
    
    - The msfweb interface does not provide any access control functionality. If
    the service is configured to listen on a different interface (default is
    loopback), a malicious attacker could abuse this to exploit remote systems
    and potentially access local files. The local file access attack can be
    accomplished by malicious arguments to the payloads which use a local file
    as input and then exploiting a (fake) service to obtain the file contents.


[msfpayload.cgi]

	- The msfpayload.cgi script does not adequately filter certain arguments,
    allowing a hostile web site operator to perform a cross-site scripting
    attack against users of the web site hosting this script. 
    
    - The msfpayload.cgi script can be used to obtain information about files on
    the system on which it is installed. This can be accomplished through the
    user of certain payloads which accept a local file path as input.
    
    

Terminal Emulator Security Issues
	http://www.digitaldefense.net/labs/papers/Termulation.txt
